the chinise produce 2 billion tons of waste each year. this can be sent to the middle east as a way to build up devlopment and give different resources to the middle east at low costs.
the middle east can develop recycling centers, r3 buildings and positions of recycling for the chinese in a trade route setup.
  this will allow the chinese to start the trade route where the grat wall is.
the  new great wall can be built as a sink plus for water to eventually create a working water system. 
INdia provides solutions people waste and goods and routes of there own. india would be invited to give work and new land ownership outside of india. At low values. 
the middle east would have priority control on land clean up in and out of india and china account for waste they collect. type of waste and figure out a destiniation for the different kinda of wastes
the crumbled middle east would provide the crumbled homes and roads of there present position as blocks for new roadways and construction
china pays little for cleanup because they are payed for there waste as well. 
  india pays more for concentration and amount of waste they have per capitia of people.
  goods and waste are if goods go one way x amount of waste has to go with it. no empty trucks or trailors are allowed back and forth unless authorized for emergengencies.
dump sites would be directed and orginized towards the middle east. 
  with recycling and sea of waste plants following along.
  orgainzations can volenteer for faster clean up. 
  in account of emergency middle east applies an extra order to tsumani and other disasters relief and clean up. at an exponential rate of timed disasters.
  Trade route includes homes for workers while they are working. with chance to own after retirement. 
  your residency applies as the trade route expands. maybe one year here then 1 year 50 miles away.
  a percentage of pay is applied with goods according to family tradition ande culture
truckers are given apartment there and here. from where they usually take off to where they end up. these may be shared with other truckers
the middle east should profit and be able to build new types of roads with the rubble from there homes. 
POssible pentaohene and graphene links in the roads start an energy transfer route. Why move mass amounts of waster when you can create the ernegy at the same location of waste and send thr4ew energy lines.
  india applies 12 hr work days at 8 hr payed at first. this evens out with opertunity to create indian own cities outside of india that are governed and controled by india. and acknowledged governments that apply
india supplies goods that are for recycling needs and should haves.
  indai allows commerce of chinise goods threw and in its borders at a taxed rate back to china. 
  india since in middle may have rights to train tracks that need to copnnect all this. 
  chinise are given right to there own seaports in india. 
  as well as seaports for the middle easterns. one is applied to right of country one is applied to left of country. 
  middle easterns are afforded religouis social and personal rights in india. and ability to also own land or companies at descrete values. 
  india has a right to a percentage of trade threwout all this at a value that is comprehensible to equality. 
  i see a canal that is made threw veitman laos and thialand. leading to incrfeased trade in those countries. 
each of country that supports the canal gets a yearly stipend from the taxs collected or a toll canal is made. if you go threw canal this much if you disrupt canal this much if you are in canal to long do to waiting this much applied to each country canal is in. this comes at a cost less then shipping the goods around the land locked areas.
this stops the need for the need of the passage ways outside these countries  
waste and water people cannot be tolled.
  thialand veitman  would want to walk these trade routes as security officals i beleive
trade route also includes England Area and russia. and africa after intial plans are met. 
  Afghanistan is given rights to opium growth and distrubution if they can show they have right regulations resources and gareentees. 
  underground rights are afforded to people who want to live undergroiund. 
  underground is a different soceity that can be a part of this  recycling traderoutes. 
  there are millions of not more living underground in the middle east there waste needs to come up and be recycled as well and new goods afforded to them. 
  people are given the opertunity to understand undergriund cities and be able to move to them
marijuana growth and distrubution where allowed shoukd be held by turkey.
  north korea is able to sell its agricutral advancements to the trade routes
my crystaline dessert power plants can power most of this and the recycling plants in the deseret


  
